# List of possible features to include in Parasol

### Elevation Models

Two high resolution elevation models: one "permanent-surface" model including
the ground and the build infrastructure, and one "seasonal-surface" model
including the deciduous vegetation as well.  The actual shade would be some
linear combination of the shade generated by these two models -- depending on
the expected "density" of the leaf cover.

Source data: Need elevation dataset and a way to separate tree from ground.
Lidar is the key, but may require extensive processing (one-time). See: 

https://docs.digital.mass.gov/dataset/massgis-data-lidar-terrain-data


### Solar position

Another input to the lighting model. Would need to know the sun's position in
the sky as a function of time. This should be a simple lookup table.


### Lighting model

Given a height map, and the position of the light source (sun) compute the
light as observed on the ground. This is clearly a solved problem, but I do not
yet have the solution in hand.


### Street maps

To do route finding, I need the best street maps I can get my hands on.
OpenStreetMap should suffice, but I do not yet know if this will allow me to
handle walking and biking directions properly (e.g., paths, etc).


### Route finding algorithm

Need a multi-objective path finding algorithm, with adjustable weights. Should
be as fast as possible, ideally able to recompute on the fly as the user
adjusts the weights slider.


### Current leaf status

The contribution of trees depends on the season, or more specifically, on the
presence or absence of leaves. Low-res, high-cadence satellite data should
provide the necessary data. MODIS?


### Current cloud status

The solar input depends on the local cloud cover. I don't think it is realistic
to try to predict the contribution of small puffball clouds that move rapidly,
but some larger, spattially averaged cloud cover would help in determining the
importance of directing users to shady spots. NASA weather products should fit
the bill.

